Restructure programs: have all allocation methods in one file, have the multistart strategies in their own files

for restlessBandits, make bai allocation methods following the papers

For UCB, c should be multiplied by the upper bound on the value

Finish simulations for all efficientStrategiesComp (except for d10GriewankStratified)
Note: metaMaxInfinite is always randomly generated starting positions since there are an undeterminate number of starting positions

Change traditional UCB and OCBA to consider reward as the amount gained

maybe do Thompson Sampling

Read research on restless/nonstationary bandits

run results when i wake up


Figure out if higher dimensions are slower
(steps are slower but more runs are done per step)
alternatively, do work to figure out how expensive functions need to be to outweigh the cost of OCBAFit

Run efficientStrategies comparisons, averageErrors d10Griewank for tradOCBA and tradUCB, with a smaller minSamples (3 or something)


Talk to Dr. Fu about applying to contests:
- Regeneron is deadline nov 10

Talk to Dr. Fu about college rec:
- First deadline is nov 1

for fitAlloc, only remember the past p points for regression
(accounting for every point in regression is v slow)
(alter the kriging error function)


Just to put an upper bound on fit allocation performance:
Instead of doing fitting, try to use the actual local minima that you would reach


figure out what functions this algorithm would work well on,
and which this algorithm would work worse on

look up newtons method, inverse hessian


apply STAR-SPSA to the things in efficient multi start strategies,
see if performance is better
(could write about this)

Try adding noise to function (add random.random() * something)

try more functions other than griewank, try some nondeterministic functions

read papers by Jiaqiao Hu:
- Q. Fan and J. Hu. ``Adaptive Simulation Budget Allocation for Determining the Best Design,'' Proceedings of the 2013 Winter Simulation Conference, 2013.
- E. Zhou and J. Hu. ``Combining Gradient-based Optimization with Stochastic Search,'' Proceedings of the 2012 Winter Simulation Conference, pp. 1-12, 2012.
- all of the optimization papers

try algorithms from
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U-sSzQfgNUiJv6aVh13H4P_9zlZ8ZgiC/view
as alternatives to griewank


writing paper

Writing the paper:
- what do I need to put in the paper?
- my plan:
- explain comparison to multi-armed bandit problem, why to use BAI approaches
- explain motivation for the two different kinds of algorithms (fitting and traditional)
- give pseudocode
- give parameters, results
-

Topics of the paper:
- stratified sampling
- the comparison to MAB/BAI
- the strategies used to convert this problem into BAI (fit, traditional)
- potentially STAR-SA for




